==============================================================
Guild: Antares Development Initiative
Channel: Server Information / announcements
==============================================================

[15-Jun-24 11:02 PM] jvaler#0000
okay @WKP, the order for 12 WCB kits is in. it will be broken up into 4 batches of 3, that way the existing queue schaitr has can continue to move along. they expect the first batch of 3 to be completed by 02-Jul-24 11:00 PM. the plan is to wait until 6 are ready to bring them down to ANT because up to 6 kits can fit in an LCB at a time, and 6 divides well into the 6 people waiting on kits.

it could be possible to make extra trips and bring the 3 of 6 kits down early, but i wouldn't know how to fairly split it amongst everyone. if anyone has any ideas let me know, otherwise i'll be waiting until the second batch to bring them to ANT.

for @sidepipe specifically: i'll work on drafting up the finances of the project in the next few days so don't worry about that yet.

{Reactions}
üôå (3) üëç (2) blobheart 

[15-Jun-24 11:10 PM] jvaler#0000


[16-Jun-24 04:57 PM] jvaler#0000

{Reactions}
Badcat 

[16-Jun-24 04:57 PM] jvaler#0000
@WKP ^


[16-Jun-24 04:58 PM] jvaler#0000
also please don't let this end in a tie i hate having to make decisions üò≠

{Reactions}
üíñ 

[16-Jun-24 04:58 PM] akyantor#0000
Thread


[01-Aug-24 11:51 PM] jvaler#0000
Hello @everyone! @riseoffilth has requested to have a governance support category created in ADI, and so we now have 3 new channels! You can find a brief overview of their functions in https://discord.com/channels/1183243037430796339/1254862461719416943/1268790867347374101.

Given that one of the main purposes of ADI is player onboarding, I think this category should be a good fit in the server.


[06-Aug-24 12:07 PM] jvaler#0000
I've done some thinking with evayoo, and I'm considering both removing the airlock channel and redefining the Associate/Member role distinction.

Because ADI is not a public server, I have never seen a single spam bot in my entire time here. I think removing this barrier to entry will improve recruitment rates into ADI.
Though maybe the airlock has another purpose besides spam bots, but I don't see one. If you do, @ me in #associate-office.

edit: One point made in https://discord.com/channels/1183243037430796339/1183248948543098992/1270429328559308931 was that the airlock serves as a reading comprehension and instruction-following test. And I actually kind of agree, though having a welcome message is a somewhat recent addition since I took over the server. So that wasn't the original intention of the airlock by australis, but I don't see why it couldn't be the new intention now.

And secondly on the role distinction, I think limiting member role to only those who are participants in named ADI projects is far too restrictive. If I recall correctly, the original distinction was that members were anyone in Antares, and associates were anyone outside of Antares that just wanted to chat or trade. I think we should go back to that, and I will retroactively give every Antares player here member role.

I'm gonna make 2 polls for y'all to decide.


[06-Aug-24 12:07 PM] jvaler#0000


[06-Aug-24 12:08 PM] jvaler#0000


[06-Aug-24 12:09 PM] jvaler#0000
@everyone reading and polls for you to vote on ^


[07-Aug-24 12:07 PM] jvaler#0000

{Embed}
poll_question_text
Should #server-airlock be removed?
victor_answer_votes
24
total_votes
33
victor_answer_id
2
victor_answer_text
No.
victor_answer_emoji_name
üö´


[07-Aug-24 12:08 PM] jvaler#0000

{Embed}
poll_question_text
Should the Associate/Member role distinction be redefined as explained above?
victor_answer_votes
26
total_votes
34
victor_answer_id
1
victor_answer_text
Yes.
victor_answer_emoji_name
‚úÖ


[10-Aug-24 01:20 PM] jvaler#0000
Tanda made an interesting idea, I'd like y'alls opinion on it. https://discord.com/channels/1183243037430796339/1183248948543098992/1271870897107763292

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1248855462208868372/1271895999870275740/image.png?ex=68150cf5&is=6813bb75&hm=e06139022d981e719323b4a398c5136e76d8365ccf1c6a9243cdca58b242e1c5&


[10-Aug-24 01:21 PM] jvaler#0000


[10-Aug-24 01:25 PM] jvaler#0000
@everyone sorry for the pings, this will be the last one. i've just made an opt-in @Polls role to ping in the future. go grab it in #reaction-roles if you'd like


[10-Aug-24 01:31 PM] jvaler#0000
i'll get on re-assigning member roles to everyone soon, i'm just kinda dreading how tedious it will be lmao sorry

{Reactions}
ü´∂ (8) 

[10-Aug-24 02:36 PM] akyantor#0000
Read only for all


[11-Aug-24 01:21 PM] jvaler#0000

{Embed}
poll_question_text
Should the rest of the server be made read-only to airlock users?
victor_answer_votes
17
total_votes
32
victor_answer_id
1
victor_answer_text
Become a glass fishtank.
victor_answer_emoji_name
üêü


[24-Aug-24 02:27 PM] jvaler#0000
@everyone

@evany. and @jcheung are currently organizing a WCB upgrade kit production project. if you would like to participate please see https://discord.com/channels/1183243037430796339/1192951755462410271/1276695793528475669 and it's attached thread.

{Reactions}
üëç (6) maxwell 

[25-Aug-24 03:50 PM] jvaler#0000
reminder for anyone interested in the above project to answer this poll indicating such: https://discord.com/channels/1183243037430796339/1276695793528475669/1276696140045352992


[26-Aug-24 01:05 PM] jvaler#0000
## We have increased the AGP grant amount to 1mil AIC each!
This should help get new players much closer to filling out their first bases, or even make it much more viable to go straight into making a 2nd base.
I will update the ADI UFO posts to reflect this once PiBoy fixes the perms there.

{Reactions}
üéâ (7) 

[09-Sep-24 08:52 PM] jvaler#0000
WKP channels have been moved to the archive as PSK is in the process of getting up and running.


[08-Oct-24 11:48 AM] jvaler#0000
Hello ADI!

I'd like to compile a list of useful resources for players in #prun-resources, similar to the tools list in PCT. I'm making a thread here for people to suggest things to be added to it so that I don't miss anything.


[31-Oct-24 08:55 AM] jvaler#0000
I've added a new staff role to be used instead of coordinator. Coordinator role can now be used for actually showing who coordinates projects. I went through and tried to update who has coordinator role accordingly, but I may have missed some people.

If you had coordinator you've automatically been given the new staff role, because that's basically what it was.


[08-Nov-24 09:17 PM] jcheung#0000
With the recent rampant market manipulation and several people expressing a desire to start C production, I would like to gauge interest in a cooperative C production program.*

Individually, if you were to do GRN burn using harmonia to produce grain, you can use 2 permits to produce around 200 C per day, purchasing water (cost roughly 10 C worth @750/u), selling GRN (roughly 17 C)
-# 103 per permit (repair costs not calculated)

As a group, we could produce around 1200 C/d with triple burn using harmonia for GRN and HYFs for MAI and HCP with 8 permits (requires at least 3 different people for harmonia and another set of 3 for HYF [can be same people]), purchasing water and NS (~ -274 C), selling excess GRN/HCP/MAI (~ +50 C) 
-# 122/permit (repair costs not calculated)
- The cost of purchased goods can be reduced by using another permit for H2O production (full consumption) 
-# still ~ 122/permit (repair costs not calculated)

Further scaling can be done with more permits.

Disclaimer: I will not be contributing a base to this effort, but I will, should nobody else wish to, coordinate this project and assist with shipping*

-# *this will be a long term project, requiring some amount of time to spin up. this program may not help with the short term price gouging in effect.
-# *shipping will likely  have a small cost associated with it


[08-Nov-24 09:18 PM] jcheung#0000


[08-Nov-24 09:20 PM] jcheung#0000
@Polls


[08-Nov-24 10:45 PM] jcheung#0000
C project discussion thread


[10-Nov-24 04:21 AM] jvaler#0000
#prun-resources now has content... after like a month .-.

be sure to ping me if you have any additions to suggest


[15-Nov-24 09:18 PM] jcheung#0000

{Embed}
poll_question_text
Interest?
victor_answer_votes
6
total_votes
8
victor_answer_id
4
victor_answer_text
Worst idea ever known to man

{Reactions}
üò¨ (2) üò≠ 

[14-Dec-24 03:36 AM] jvaler#0000
updated #server-information to reflect the new projects/programs that have been started. had to repost it as a separate message for character length, sorry for the extra pings :x


[14-Dec-24 01:31 PM] jvaler#0000
reposting piboy's announcement:


[14-Dec-24 01:31 PM] jvaler#0000
Ho ho ho, it's that time of year again! PrUN Secret Santa is here. Sign up to give a gift to a random PrUN member and receive a gift from a random PrUN member. Your gifts can range anywhere from a few materials to something worth millions. It's a great way to have fun in the game around the holiday times. The form closes soon on this Sunday the 22nd! https://forms.gle/7JgiDL3j8sHSysqUA

{Embed}
https://forms.gle/7JgiDL3j8sHSysqUA
PrUn Secret Santa 2024
Sign up to give a gift and receive a gift from a random PrUn player! Your gift can be of any size. Worth 1 or 1,000,000 currency.
https://images-ext-1.discordapp.net/external/S1Vksr0n22sBZgtgLdEcatuan8k5Xv2qK_PB9X_lWQs/https/lh3.googleusercontent.com/sYvSatothAacAeATUDWYyYFvCS5ZbtVc1tp3-JOcQdAiAUpLvoXJR7OosskJD3C_QpFI9T5a07g%3Dw1200-h630-p

{Reactions}
ü§î 

[17-Dec-24 04:28 PM] jvaler#0000


[17-Dec-24 04:28 PM] jvaler#0000
@Polls


[17-Dec-24 04:50 PM] jvaler#0000
@everyone 
@Market Alerts is now available as an opt-in role! Anyone can ping it, and it's to be used for notifying people of any noteworthy market activity such as shortages or unusual prices.

You can collect the role from #reaction-roles.

{Reactions}
simoff (2) 

[18-Dec-24 04:28 PM] jvaler#0000

{Embed}
poll_question_text
Delete "Member" channels for server neatness? They're barely used and only seem to serve to separate server activity.
victor_answer_votes
19
total_votes
28
victor_answer_id
1
victor_answer_text
Yes
victor_answer_emoji_name
‚úÖ

{Reactions}
üî™ (5) 

[20-Dec-24 05:45 AM] jvaler#0000
okay it's done


[20-Dec-24 05:45 AM] jvaler#0000
i think i'm gonna make an antares scheming channel to replace it, but idk which category to put it in...


[20-Dec-24 05:46 AM] jvaler#0000
where were u when member is kil

{Reactions}
üíî (2) FeelsRainMan blobsad 

[25-Dec-24 04:53 PM] riseoffilth#0000
https://tenor.com/view/merry-christmas-and-happy-new-year-gif-10243613807061247659

{Embed}
https://tenor.com/view/merry-christmas-and-happy-new-year-gif-10243613807061247659
https://images-ext-1.discordapp.net/external/Xi4R7iiZLxxEr_27sbX9zeg_VIb31j_dF9ETHK1poRo/https/media.tenor.com/jiigfAosJqsAAAAe/merry-christmas-and-happy-new-year.png

{Reactions}
üéÑ (5) 

[30-Mar-25 07:39 PM] jvaler#0000
Are you an AGP grant recipient? Come join the discussion on possibly raising the grant amount for future recipients, we need your input! https://discord.com/channels/1183243037430796339/1254643011980234863/1356062710512746557


[27-Apr-25 04:00 AM] laaxus#0000
I created the ADI corporation
Headquarter will be on Hephaestus
Feel free to ping me if you want to join

{Reactions}
‚ÄºÔ∏è (3) üî• (4) üéâ (3) 

==============================================================
Exported 44 message(s)
==============================================================
